feat: Add initial draft of Back to Normal post. (#161)
octopusthink/octopusthink.com: src/content/blog/2021-08-06-lets-not-go-back-to-normal.mdx

---
authors: [sarah]
tags: [updates]
title: 'Let’s not go back to normal'

> summary: 'Everyone’s talking about going back to normal, but maybe normal isn’t the right goal. We have a rare opportunity to redesign our way of living. What can we be doing better?'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: 'Everyone’s talking about going back to normal, but maybe normal isn’t the right goal. We have a rare opportunity to redesign our lives. What can we be doing better?'
```
